The aim of the project is for us to showcase skills and techniques that we learnt throughout this semester, especially we need to demonstrate that we can use JavaScript to achieve the outcome that we wanted to achieve. However, JavaScript cannot work on it own, it needed using with html that gives content to the webpage and with CSS that responsible for the position and format of different elements. 

To create the webpage, my strategies was to using html file to contain all the content I needed to display on the webpage. Then, adjust my content in terms of formatting, font, positioning etc. using a CSS file. And finally, adding a Java Script file that tells the webpage how to behave and how users can interact with webpage and the element on the webpage. The first two part was quite straightforward. I input images chosen from my topic with an “img src” element and input all the text sections with “section” element, “div” and paragraph element. In the CSS file, I centered all the elements including all the images. I set up all the paddings and margins all the elements. Changing the colour of the text in the navbar and background colour for the hero content section. 

The main struggle when creating this webpage was I could not find a JavaScript code that I learnt from this semester can blend in with the existing content easily. I did want to put in a JavaScript just for sake of doing. It needs to make sense to users, I can adding a random button so that users could change the text colour by clicking on it. I find that a photo slideshow can be a good fit to my content, that’s I created buttons that users can use to navigate through different images.

When working for similar project in the future. I will definitely start things early, conduct research about the topic and so that I have a better understanding of the entire project and I can spend more time to work on my code. Also, I found I need to improve my JavaScript coding skill and expand my knowledge on JavaScript. I would say I am able creating a simple web using html and css. But I need program my website to be more dynamic and interactive and JavaScript is one the best way to do so.       
